Update readme with build steps (#7)
kaliberjs/elasticsearch: readme.md

```
yarn add @kaliber/elasticsearch
```

> Note: This library is precompiled using kaliberjs/pack (https://github.com/kaliberjs/pack). Compiling it a second time with will cause this library to stop working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**
This library is precompiled using [kaliberjs/pack](https://github.com/kaliberjs/pack). Compiling it a second time with will cause this library to stop working. This means that you should **not** add it to the `compileWithBabel` array of @kaliber/build
```

Reviewer: https://twitter.com/diegohaz/status/1527642881384759297

Author: Deze library kan in principe ook met andere build systems gebruikt worden, en staat ook niet in een private repo. Dus is de comment over @kaliber/build niet iets te specifiek?

Reviewer: Misschien `For example` toevoegen aan de zin. Ik denk eerlijk gezegd niet dat er mensen buiten kaliber om deze package snel zullen gebruiken, maar het wel een goeie hint is voor mensen bij ons intern.

![](https://media.giphy.com/media/SUp0ZNb0pmL3G65I2k/giphy.gif)

> ## Build steps before releasing a new version
> Because this library is used in both the node runtime and webpack environment, the library is compiled using kaliberjs/pack (https://github.com/kaliberjs/pack). When releasing a new version, do not forgot to execute `yarn build` before running `yarn publish`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Before releasing a new version
Because this library is used in both the node runtime and webpack environment, the library is precompiled using kaliberjs/pack (https://github.com/kaliberjs/pack). When releasing a new version, do not forgot to execute `yarn build` before running `yarn publish`. This should be done because the yarn publish command uses your localfiles to upload to the npm registy.
```
